W-16244513 Adding new info about enabling Einstein for ACB (#341)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-ai-enable-einstein.adoc

= Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

> Anypoint Platform Organization Administrators establish a tenant relationship with a trusted Salesforce organization in Anypoint Platform access management, and then enable the Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder for everyone in their Anypoint Platform organization. 

Reviewer: Are we supposed to capitalize "Organization Administrators"? I never have.

Reviewer: Do we capitalize "access management" here? See similar, here: https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/

Reviewer: "a tenant relationship": I hadn't heard of that but saw this: https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/trusted-salesforce-org Wonder if it should be in see also or something. I wasn't sure what it was about.

Reviewer: Should we say that the administrator "must establish" the relationship before enabling Einstein for everyone in their org?

Author: @dukesphere Access Management isn't supposed to be capitalized but I do it out of habit because it looks strange. When we reference the UI, it's Access Management, otherwise it's lowercase (or should be).

== Before you Begin

Before enabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, you must:

> * Be familiar with the concept of Salesforce And Anypoint Platform organizations.  

Reviewer: Should "And" be capitalized?

> * xref:access-management::trusted-salesforce-org.adoc[Establish a tenant relationship between your Anypoint Platform organization and a trusted Salesforce organization] that has Einstein enabled. 

Reviewer: oh, here's the link to that page on a tenant relationship. I hesitated over that term when I saw it above and looked it up. oh well

+

> When you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, you select the Salesforce organization to route the Einstein requests through. The list of available Salesforce orgs is populated with Salesforce orgs with established tenant relationships.

Reviewer: yay, we can say "orgs"! :)

Author: We can but then I changed it all to organizations to be consistent with the access management doc. haha!

> If you don't have a tenant relationship established with a Salesforce organization, there is a Salesforce trial organization you can select when you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, however, it's best to select your own private Salesforce organization to avoid service disruption. If you don't have a Salesforce organization with Einstein enabled, contact your AE (???).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a tenant relationship established with a Salesforce organization, you can select a Salesforce trial organization when you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder. However, it's best to select your own private Salesforce organization to avoid service disruption. If you don't have a Salesforce organization with Einstein enabled, contact your AE (???).
```

Reviewer: TODO: didn't address "???"

Author: It's a to do

> Using your own private Salesforce organization has these advantages:

Reviewer: Should we shorten to "Using your private"?

> * You can store your Einstein generative AI audit and feedback data in Data Cloud. You can use that data for compliance, analytics, prompt adjustments, and LLM tuning to enhance your generative AI applications.

Reviewer: Do we need to say "Salesforce Data Cloud" or is this something else?

* You aren't subject to the rate-limiting policies of the trial organization, which can sometimes result in the service being too busy to process Einstein requests.

== Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder for your Anypoint organization and users:

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder with your organization administrator account. 

Reviewer: Should we add a link on how to sign in that way? https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb#login-ide

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *Get started*.
. Read the terms and conditions and then click *Accept*.
. Select the *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder* checkbox.
. Select the Salesforce organization to route Einstein requests through and click *Apply*. 
+
NOTE: The Salesforce organization you select must have Einstein turned on. 
+
If your Salesforce organization doesn't appear in the list of available organizations, verify that you established a tenant relationship between your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations. See xref:access-management::trusted-salesforce-org.adoc[] for more information.
. Click *Test Connection*.
+

> If the connection is unsuccessful, it might mean that the Salesforce organization you are trying to connect to doesn't have Einstein enabled. Contact your Salesforce organization administrator or select a different organization.

Reviewer: should we use "organization" or "org"/"orgs"?

Author: I was using them both but decided on organization to be consistent with access management docs

> If the connection is unsuccessful, it might mean that the Salesforce organization you are trying to connect to doesn't have Einstein enabled. Contact your Salesforce organization administrator or select a different organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection is unsuccessful, it might mean that Einstein isn't enabled by the Salesforce organization you are trying to connect to. Contact your Salesforce organization administrator or select a different organization.
```

. When the connection is successful, click *Apply*. 
+
Einstein is now enabled for all the users in your Anypoint Platform organization. You can remove permission to access Einstein from individual users in access management. See [ADD LINK]

== Changing the Connected Salesforce Organization

The Salesforce organization you are routing Einstein requests through is displayed on the Anypoint Code Builder landing page. If you want to change the Salesforce organization that Einstein requests are routed through:

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder with your organization administrator account. 

Reviewer: not sure if link to instructions needed again here

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *View Settings*.
. Select your Salesforce organization from the list, and click *Test Connection*.
. When the connection is successful, click *Apply*.

== Disabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

To disable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder:

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder with your organization administrator account.

Reviewer: or a link here either

Reviewer: prob unnecessary

Author: @dukesphere I added the link in the first occurrence and I think that's good. I'll also add it to the See Also

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *View Settings*.
. Click the *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder* checkbox to deselect it.
+

> Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder is now disabled for your Anypoint Platform organization and all the users who are part of your organization. You can reenable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder any time.

Reviewer: do we omit a hyphen from "reenable"? I see it both ways in various dictionaries.

Author: @dukesphere We ommit

= Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

> Anypoint Platform organization administrators must establish a connection with a trusted Salesforce organization in Anypoint Platform access management, and then enable the Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder feature for their Anypoint Platform organization. 

Reviewer 2: This might be simpler in the singular (to avoid switching from plural to singular).

> == Before you Begin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Before You Begin
```

Before enabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, you must:

* Be familiar with the concept of Salesforce and Anypoint Platform organizations.  
* xref:access-management::trusted-salesforce-org.adoc[Establish a connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and a trusted Salesforce organization] that has Einstein enabled. 
+
When you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, you select the Salesforce organization to route the Einstein requests through.  

The list of available Salesforce organizations is populated with Salesforce organizations that are connected to your Anypoint Platform organization.

> If you don't have a connection established with a Salesforce organization, there is a Salesforce trial organization you can select when you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, however, it's best to select your own private Salesforce organization to avoid service disruption. If you don't have a Salesforce organization with Einstein enabled, contact your AE (???).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have a connection established with a Salesforce organization, you can select a Salesforce trial organization when you enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder, however, it's best to choose your own private Salesforce organization to avoid service disruption. If you don't have a Salesforce organization with Einstein enabled, contact your AE (???).
```

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to remove the (???).

Using your private Salesforce organization has these advantages:

* You can store your Einstein generative AI audit and feedback data in Salesforce Data Cloud. You can use that data for compliance, analytics, prompt adjustments, and LLM tuning to enhance your generative AI applications.
* You aren't subject to the rate-limiting policies of the trial organization, which can sometimes result in the service being too busy to process Einstein requests.

== Enabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder for your Anypoint organization and users:

> . xref:start-acb.adoc#login-ide[Log in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder] with your organization administrator account.  

Reviewer 2: Should this be switched? Log in to ACB through AP?

Author: No, they are logging in to Anypoint Platform. This matches how Duke has it, too.

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *Get started*.
. Read the terms and conditions and then click *Accept*.

> . Select the *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder* checkbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder*.
```

. Select the Salesforce organization to route Einstein requests through and click *Apply*. 
+
NOTE: The Salesforce organization you select must have Einstein enabled for your Anypoint Platform organization. 
+
If your Salesforce organization doesn't appear in the list of available organizations, verify that you established a connection between your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations. See xref:access-management::trusted-salesforce-org.adoc[] for more information.
. Click *Test Connection*.
+
If the connection is unsuccessful, it might mean that Einstein isn't enabled by the Salesforce organization you are trying to connect to. Contact your Salesforce organization administrator or select a different organization.
. When the connection is successful, click *Apply*. 
+

> Einstein is now enabled for all the users in your Anypoint Platform organization. You can remove permission to access Einstein from individual users in access management. See [ADD LINK]

Reviewer 2: Don't forget this

> == Changing the Connected Salesforce Organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Change the Connected Salesforce Organization
```

> The Salesforce organization you are routing Einstein requests through is displayed on the Anypoint Code Builder landing page. If you want to change the Salesforce organization that Einstein requests are routed through:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Salesforce organization you are routing Einstein requests through is displayed on the Anypoint Code Builder landing page.

To change the Salesforce organization that Einstein requests are routed through:
```

> . Log in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder with your organization administrator account. 

Reviewer 2: Is this correct?

Author: Yes.

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *View Settings*.
. Select your Salesforce organization from the list, and click *Test Connection*.
. When the connection is successful, click *Apply*.

> == Disabling Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Disable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder
```

To disable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder:

> . Log in to Anypoint Platform through Anypoint Code Builder with your organization administrator account.

Reviewer 2: Correct?

Now I'm thinking this is like authorizing AP from Studio?

. On the Anypoint Code Builder landing page, click *View Settings*.

> . Click the *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder* checkbox to deselect it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Deselect *Enable Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder*.
```
